# Sending Forms using AJAX:
* the .post() method : to send data to the server.
* the .serialize () method to collect form data which is ude by JQuery.

## COLLECTING FORM DATA 
jQuery's .serialize () method: 
1. Selects all of the information from the form 
2. Puts it into a string ready to send to the server 
3. Encodes characters that cannot be used in a query string 

## SUBMITTING FORMS:

1. when submit the form, an anonymous function runs. 
2. e. Preventoef au 1t () stops the form from submitting. 
3. The form data is collected by the . serialize() method and stored in the details variable. 
4. The $.post () method is called using all three parameters: 
* The url of the page that the data is being sent to 
* The data that was just collected from the form 
* A callback function that will display the results to the user 
5. When the server responds, the content of the element whose id attribute has a value 
of register is overwritten with new HTML sent from the server. 

## LOADING JSON & HANDLING AJAX ERRORS:

to load JSON data we use the$.getJSON () method, if it fails we use:

* done():  when the request has successfully completed 
* fai1(): when the request did not complete successfully 
* always():  when the request has completed.

#### to load JSON data: $.getJSON()
####  To use JSON: $.getScript(). 

## AJAX REQUESTS WITH FINE-GRAIN ED CONTROL:

The $.ajax() method gives a greater control over Ajax requests. this method is used by all of jQuery's Ajax 
shorthand methods. 

